
Topics:

  1. constructor
      accessors --> setters & getters


  2. Inheritance in OOPs
      Inheriting the properties & methods using extends keyword

  3. normal function vs arrow function

      normal function with function keyword can be used to create custom objects
      i.e: can be used as a constructor function

      Arrow function with arrow can only be used as a simple function
      with multiple statements in it
  
  4. Array Methods

      types of function 
        callback function - a function passed as an argument to other function

      forEach:
        Performs the specified action for each element in an array.

        @param callbackfn — A function that accepts up to three arguments. forEach calls the callbackfn function one time for each element in the array.

        return type -> void/undefined ( no return value  )

      map
        Calls a defined callback function on each element of an array, and returns an array that contains the results.

        @param callbackfn — A function that accepts up to three arguments. The map method calls the callbackfn function one time for each element in the array.

        return type: array of values returned from callbackfn

      map vs forEach

        forEach --> simple iteration
        map --> creating a new from each iteration results

      filter:
        Returns the elements of an array that meet the condition specified in a callback function.

        @param predicate ( a function which returns true or false value ) — A function that accepts up to three arguments. The filter method calls the predicate function one time for each element in the array.


      find:
        Returns the value of the first element in the array where predicate is true, and undefined otherwise.

        @param predicate ( a function which returns true or false value )
        find calls predicate once for each element of the array, in ascending order, until it finds one where predicate returns true. If such an element is found, find immediately returns that element value. Otherwise, find returns undefined.

        return value --> first value that matches the condition

      findIndex: 
        Returns the index of the first element in the array where predicate is true, and -1 otherwise.

        @param predicate ( a function which returns true or false value )
        find calls predicate once for each element of the array, in ascending order, until it finds one where predicate returns true. If such an element is found, findIndex immediately returns that element index. Otherwise, findIndex returns -1.

      reduce:
        Calls the specified callback function for all the elements in an array. The return value of the callback function is the accumulated result, and is provided as an argument in the next call to the callback function.

          @param callbackfn — A function that accepts up to four arguments. The reduce method calls the callbackfn function one time for each element in the array.

          @param initialValue — If initialValue is specified, it is used as the initial value to start the accumulation. The first call to the callbackfn function provides this value as an argument instead of an array value.

Task:

  Day 5: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iza9j-P6zsN0gZ9ZVuNH0lMxdUeuAYfaGMPvyWL_IcY/edit

  Uber Price: Uber Booking KM --> 6 / km
  KM - 10 --> price 60

  Day 6:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iza9j-P6zsN0gZ9ZVuNH0lMxdUeuAYfaGMPvyWL_IcY/edit


Next Session:
  1. sort

  2. splice

  3. slice
  
  4. Nested destructuring
